Add timeout option to client:idle (#9130)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/directives-reference.mdx

```astro
<ShowHideButton client:idle />
```

> ### `client:idle={{timeout}}`
> 
> Optionally, a value for `timeout` can be passed to the underlying `requestIdleCallback`. It hydrates the component if the client is not idle, but specifies the maximum time to wait.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `timeout`

<p><Since v="4.15.0" /></p>

The maximum value to wait, in milliseconds, before hydrating the component, even if the page is not yet done with its initial load.

This value allows you to pass [the timeout option from the `requestIdleCallback()` specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/requestidlecallback/#the-requestidlecallback-method). This means you can delay hydration for lower-priority UI elements with more control to ensure your element is interactive within a specified time frame.
```
Just added our "Added in version" component to make this clear for which versions of Astro it's available! And, since we are defining a property, we prefer to start with its definition, so I just lightly rearranged some of the ideas here, and added some extra context similar to my edits in the implementation PR. 

Like I wrote in that PR, you're the expert, so please correct as necessary! But I think something like this fits the style of our documentation nicely.

Author: Thank you! :)

```astro
<ShowHideButton client:idle />
```

### `timeout`

<p><Since v="4.15.0" /></p>

> The maximum value to wait, in milliseconds, before hydrating the component, even if the page is not yet done with its initial load.
> 
> This value allows you to pass [the timeout option from the `requestIdleCallback()` specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/requestidlecallback/#the-requestidlecallback-method). This means you can delay hydration for lower-priority UI elements with more control to ensure your element is interactive within a specified time frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum time to wait, in milliseconds, before hydrating the component, even if the page is not yet done with its initial load.

This allows you to pass a value for [the `timeout` option from the `requestIdleCallback()` specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/requestidlecallback/#the-requestidlecallback-method). This means you can delay hydration for lower-priority UI elements with more control to ensure your element is interactive within a specified time frame.
```
